Fix workshop flow after rearranging (#31)
observability-lab-cse/observability-lab-workshop: 04-custom-metrics/README.md

</details>

> ## 👀 Find newly created custom metrics

Reviewer: Maybe just: 

```suggestion
## 👀 Find your custom metrics
```

or 'Find your created custom metrics'?
I think we don't need to add that they are newly created in the title

> Now that we defined our custom metrics, let's find the im the Azure Portal and see the fruits of our work!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we defined our custom metrics, let's find them in the Azure Portal and see the fruits of our work!
```

</details>

> Remember how we added `customDimension` with to the metrics, when we created them?

Reviewer: Technically we never use the term 'customDimension' in the code. It's a tag (key-value pair) with the device id as the value. In the documentation they also just call it tags: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/net/automatic/custom/#metrics

Author: My bad, let me rephrase it :)

> The graph created above is useful, but using our `customDimension` we could now go as far as to create a chart showing updates per device. We can do this by splitting the metric by `deviceId`. Select the `device-updates` metric in the `Log-based metrics` Namespace and then select the `Apply splitting` option to generate separate graphs for each device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The graph created above is useful, but using our `tags` we could now go as far as to create a chart showing updates per device. We can do this by splitting the metric by `deviceId`. Select the `device-updates` metric in the `Log-based metrics` Namespace and then select the `Apply splitting` option to generate separate graphs for each device.
```

</details>

> Now, let's go and have a look at the second custom metrics we created, which is for the reported temperature values. Select the `temperature` metric, adjust the aggregation to Min, Max or Avg and change the graph type to `Bar chart`. We can now see the distribution of temperature measurements sent by our devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's go and have a look at the second custom metrics we created, which tracks the reported temperature values. Select the `temperature` metric, adjust the aggregation to Min, Max or Avg and change the graph type to `Bar chart`. We can now see the distribution of temperature measurements sent by our devices.
```

> Now, let's go and have a look at the second custom metrics we created, which tracks the reported temperature values. Select the `temperature` metric, adjust the aggregation to Min, Max or Avg and change the graph type to `Bar chart`. We can now see the distribution of temperature measurements sent by our devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's go and have a look at the second custom metric we created, which tracks the reported temperature values. Select the `temperature` metric, adjust the aggregation to Min, Max or Avg and change the graph type to `Bar chart`. We can now see the distribution of temperature measurements sent by our devices.
```

</details>

You can also query your custom metrics like all the other logs you have.  For this go to the **Logs** section of the portal and query the `customMetrics` table to see more your custom metrics and details on them.

> Just as an example, looking at the `device-updates` metric entries. Can you find the device ID which you previously used to tag the metric updates?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just as an example, looking at the `device-updates` metric entries, can you find the device ID which you previously used to tag the metric updates?
```

<details markdown="1">
<summary> 🔦 Click here to see the custom metric in the <b>Logs</b> section and the device ID tag📔</summary>

![Metric logs](./images/custom-metrics-logs.png)

</details>  

In this section we added custom metrics to our .NET application and learned how to visualize them in Application Insights. OpenTelemetry allows you to add similar metrics to applications written in other languages. Although we won't go into the details here, this [page](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/manual/#metrics) provides useful details on how you can add custom metrics to our Java application. 🔎

> To learn about more features of the metrics view, as well as how to create and add these generated graphs into a custom dashboard, follow the next few chapters 😉.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about other features of the metrics view, as well as how to create and add these generated graphs into a custom dashboard, follow the next few chapters 😉.
```
